well the Robinson family a big story
here inside the Alamodome there is
Basketball Hall of Famer and also proud
dad here today watching Corey Robinson
the wide receiver who will play for the
Fighting Irish next fall
thanks very much with the Admiral the
two-time NBA champion and first of all
David how surreal is it for you to be
watching your son in this all-star game
in the very space that you won your
first title in 1999 yeah it's crazy you
know this arenas meant a lot to me
personally and I remember we had about
40,000 people in here celebrating the
championship and now to watch him really
is his first chance on the national
stage very excited for me right now you
told me that he was a soccer guy and and
loved other sports but everyone
following in the footsteps of great
fathers is expected to maybe play the
same sports so how did he evolve from
soccer to basketball and into football
well in high school I told him you know
yeah but you had to stop playing the
tennis in the soccer at 6'5 you got to
figure out let's see they'll be
basketball or football and and he's just
a natural football guy big hands and
just he loves loves to compete so this
fit him better than basketball and then
you told me that he's really admired
your service to Navy and that you guys
went to South Bend to watch a Navy
football game but then something
happened what was that well the last
three years that's all he could talk
about was going to Naval Academy and
when football started we saw Notre Dame
he just saw everything that Notre Dame
really stood for love the campus love
the people and you know from a spiritual
from a football from academic standpoint
you know I don't know that I could pick
a better place for him so he's very
excited and then as he leaves to go up
there how hard will it be to let him go
and maybe not follow him it maybe make a
few trips up there back and forth how do
you have that as a dad I mean I'm in the
same position this year trying to let
him go a little bit but you know I you
know the good thing is he wants me there
most of the time so that's that's that's
fun and as a dad when they're asking you
questions and they wanted they want your
opinion they want you to be there that's
fantastic but know this is his time to
really grow up and do his thing so be a
part of that Notre Dame football if we
get up there as much as I can't watch
him play all right we'll all be watching
him on TV David congratulations to you
and the Robertson family and good luck
to you in court appreciate that thank
you all right Paul David Louis thank you
very much in the Robinson family that
the father the Hall of Famer would have
what a career he had and he's so much
fun to watch so much grace and
production here and a lot of class to
playing for the San Antonio Spurs and
now I'm gonna watch his son Cory play in
South Bend play wide receiver for the
Irish one of six players playing here
today